Are you going to shave your child's head?
Don't be afraid Danny
Uncle will accompany you to shave your head
Actually nothing
Yes.
balls
Did you see your uncle get ugly?
Uncle seems more handsome
Yaoyao mother
Danny is not afraid of haircuts
Lin Feng
Let's go for a walk
How about Daniel?
He needs at least two hours of sleep.
We'll be back in a minute. Okay.
Then I'll go change clothes.
It must be hard to support an orphanage by yourself
I can't take it anymore
Is it because of money?
I started a small company myself
But it's closed now.
I don't even know what to do with the medical bills alone
Don't worry about money.
I help you, you help me.
This card has 1.20 million
You take it first
There will be more later.
I can't take this money.
You still need money to see a doctor
Do you just watch the children suffer?
You son of a bitch
I've been looking for you all day
So you're hiding here